we connect others presentation free professional training
More responsibilities at www point commented that because of the little injury
sponsored can lead to advertising
welcome to the north of london where we will explain how we can apply
an image in texture form
we have a document created and what we are going to do is work with the cube
which comes by default
if we go to the materials button and work inside the
textures button we will be able to add a new texture to yourself
from here, we could select different textures that
they come by default another go down with magic kingfisher
in loach image we are going to select where we have located
our texture in this case we have it on the desk
it's called texture
and I tell him he's burned
already applied in my texture
yes i learn sbs
I can see
like on one of the sides' you're throwing this texture at me and it does not look like
should
this happens because it motivates you to fla
if we go back to the materials button and work within the
window in mapimí booth
we will see that by default we activate the function of flat in the preview
we can see how they behave of that texture
if we work with the different options that appear for example cube
I had a fair voice
yes applied body
if they do not apply the texture without ming unite of training as it continues to work
form
squares could work if it were masters would apply the wait function
and the texture would not punish us and inform
this case chairs work the function of cube fancy 12
I can see how now if the texture is not applied the soldiers without
form the investigated
in the previous crash we already explained how we could apply a material ob
a texture in this case
on each of the faces independently
next we will explain another method that will be very useful to us
time of
Textured objects had working with images the different faces
for this we have a document created with a cube
and the first thing we're going to do is enter the start mode
we will have to make certain cuts in our game
so that as if it were a paper image we could stretch the
and put
ten-t images
let's work with the function of these lists we will press the key
ap to remove the selection and define where we want to cut
for example the potato we are going to cut here because here
And here
we leave one of the sides that is going to join us more to figure and it is not going to
be all separated
down we will do the same thing we select
these three edges
and we are going to make a cut in the ctera
for example I'm here
once we have said to the hoisting the cuts we are going to press the combination
of keys control
ia select the function too
let's go to screen in two
scriptory right button
and we will use the function of an image editors
once done that we selected everything to us figure for and we pressed once the
key to remove the selection and again to select it all twice the
key
once done this we press the uu key
and we select the function of a wall
from here we see that we have to define our figure
as if we see it cut out and spread on a piece of paper if we are going to play
is
written
zabell v face layout
will allow us place we will figure in very high to be able to define the
thickness of the lines
we say or what
and we will address in a site easy to locate for example on the desk
we have three years left
spy thorium
and from here we're going to love it coffee
6 yo
we have done that if we go to photoshop
let's go to yourself
open and we're going to look for our guys
box covers tejera
we are going to open it
We will see what will allow us to texturize insert images within
each of the sides to make it fast we go only
draw a different color dot on each side
we create a new stage
and we start for example a black one here
let's change the colors
we leave with the red
once this is done we can experience the layer backgrounds and we want it
We were going to keep our figures controls
doubt where we want to save
we will look for the tejeda format so that we keep selecting the same
equality file
asks us if we want to overwrite we say yes
and because
well we have already saved can we talk about it again
from here we in image
we will be able to open
open the texture
let's find it we have it on the desk
it's called cube tejeda box
why not
we can see that we apply to image even if we work in the
texture mode and we will be able to preview how it does not apply
from here and if we modify
the novel vertices for example so far we are going to
with the g key
and we are going to place it here
we can see how he has automatically made the same modification
in the figure keeping as we have defined
that we want it to be or are located at the corner
let's put it back in its place more or less around here
and let's see how we could launch and our image
for this we should go to see materials button
within textures we will work with an image texture
and the oaci we press to be the little arrows we will see that we already have the loaded image
cube box
one is that we load the image we must work on the texture of matter in the
material button
and that of Martin Booth
let's define that I work with v so that I take the coordinates that I love
defined us here
if we now tighten f12 we can see as automatic to more applied minds
our texture
to our game as well as we are defined from photoshop
so until this tutorial I hope you find it useful, thank you very much
for attention and until the next